this engines still warm say did you see
the skid marks out here they call it a
direct right angled of the direction of
travel
no digs in the macadam either somebody
was hurt just blood all over this thing
what is this black menace that kills
everything it sees and hears no human
mind could imagine the enormous
destructive power of this maddened
killing thing if you're young people in
love look out
you're driving a lonely road you're as
good as dead
this little wild livestock missing
lately
that doesn't make headlines but now it's
people never in the history of the
United States a monster of such size and
power and horrifying hatred of man
you